Success means competition
An old pot is the best around the kitchen
One must be available, alert, active, and adaptable
If you have many best friends, you have no friends
Mountains can move, but not your character 
Concern yourself about others more than yourself
And finally, my personal favorite..
The best lovers make love on a full stomach
You are contemplating some action which will bring credit upon you.
You constantly struggle for self-improvement.
Simplicity of character is the natural result of profound thought.
You will be fortunate in the opportunities presented to you.
Your luck will change.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
That special someone may simply be waiting for you.
You show your true face to the people who really matter.
You may come across much wealth.
Your are cautious in showing your true self to others.
Enthusiastic leadership gets you a promotion when you least expect it.
You have the ability to adapt to diverse situations.
Your cheerful outlook is one of your assets.
A faithful friend is a strong defense.
Someone is speaking well of you.
It is very possible that you will achieve greatness in your lifetime.
You won’t be bored for long!  New adventures are on their way.
Learning is a treasure which accompanies us everywhere.
A good friendship is often more important than a passionate romance.
One who admires you greatly is hidden before your eyes.
The love of your life will appear in front of you unexpectedly!
It is better to be the hammer than the anvil.
You have a good start.  Work harder!
What you desire is always possible.  It will come to you.
What you have left behind is more mellow than wine.
Everyone agrees you are the best.
A pleasant experience is ahead; don’t pass it by.
You have a keen sense of humor and love a good time.
Bide your time, for success is near.
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
Endurance and persistence will be rewarded.
Old friends, old wines, and old gold are best.
Be mischievous and you will not be lonesome.
Careful thinking will command respect.
Every excess becomes a vice.
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts up his eyes.
The only rose without a thorn is friendship.
